doc: working_with_nrf: restructuring of FEM (#15661)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/glossary.rst

   Frequency-locked loop (FLL)
      An electronic control system that generates a signal that is locked to the frequency of an input or "reference" signal.

   Front-End Module (FEM)
     A device that amplifies the radio frequency (RF) signal, to increase the range distance, the strength, and the robustness of a link connection.
     A more robust link reduces packet loss, causing fewer retransmissions and increasing the probability of successfully receiving the first packet, resulting in a lower link latency.

>      FEMs provide a :term:`Power Amplifier (PA)` that increases the TX power and a :term:`Low-Noise Amplifier (LNA)` that increases the RX sensitivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     FEMs provide a :term:`Power Amplifier (PA)` that increases the TX power or a :term:`Low-Noise Amplifier (LNA)` that increases the RX sensitivity or both.
```
The intention is that some FEMs can have just PA, but LNA not included.
